1)
a) Preriodic Process
	A periodic Process is a process that comes every fixed period of time.
b) Cyclic Execution Software Architecture
	A system architecture where the execution of each process is fixed to a fixed time slot and take turns to execute in a cyclic manner.
c). Deadline Monotonic Scheduling Algorithm
	A scheduling algorithm that always select the process with the nearist deadline to be executed. (Assign highest priority to one with nearist deadline.
d). Critical Instant
	A critical instant is a time at which a request of the process will receive the longest response time.
e). forbidden region
	A forbidden region is some idle time of processor that cannot be used , otherwise some future process will miss its deadline.
2)
	a).With heterogeneous architecture, we can assign task to appropriate processor that is designed for the task and shutdown those are not needed, therefore achieving less power consumptions.
	b).A multi-core system is more energy efficient than that with one powerful CPU because power is a convex function of voltage , with higher processor voltage (frequency), power consumption goes beyond linear.
3)
a) It is still possible to see processor idle time when using RMS because the achievable utilization factor is less than 1.
b). It is not possible to see processor idle time when EDF is used because the achievable utilization factor is 1.
c). The least upper bound of utilization factor, Ua , is a real number such that if a process set has a utilization factor less than the Ua of one scheduling algorithm, it is schedulable by that algorithm.
d).
	Process synchronization is needed to gaurantee the execution order of processes or protect non-sharable resource.
	It is very important to limit the number of priority inversions since it is a major source that cause the system to miss deadlines.
4.
	Under PCP, when a higher priority process is blocked one lower priority process , the lower priority process at least shares a semaphore with one process higher or equal to the blocked process, and already holds the semaphore. When the critical section of the lower priority process ends , after all higher priortiy process's preemption, no more lower priority process might block it since that would require the this lower priority process tl2 to hold a lock that has a ceiling higher than t , thus higher than tl1 , which is impossible (tl1 will not be blocked by tl2).
5.
	a) .We try to run at a constant voltage because the the power consumption is a convex fucntion processor speed, we don't need to consider the decreasing part since it is not worth running, however , on the increasing part,we can try to minimize the power consumption by choosing the lowest processor speed s.t. all processes meets their deadline.
	b). YDS
		First, a intensity function I(a,b) is defined as the sum of execution time of those process starts and ends between the interval a,b.
		The algorithm will try to first schedule the processes in the interval which has the highist intensity, set the processor speed to the intensity, schedule the processes lies within by EDF, remove that interval , adjust arrival times and deadline with respect to that interval, and repeat this process until no process is left.
6. Sporadic server will not have the same starvation problem as we seen in the Total bandwith server in the sense that the relative deadline of each sever is bounded by max( e/u). Fairness is also gauranteed since the budget is fixed.

7.
RMA
S , S , S , U
S , S , S , U
S , U , S , U

		
	
